fix(gatsby): Ensure status returned by getServerData is respected (#33914)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/reference/rendering-options/server-side-rendering.md

> `getServerData` can return an object with two keys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`getServerData` can return an object with several possible keys:
```
